Button Appearance Variations (#1355)
ni/nimble: packages/nimble-components/src/button/tests/button.mdx

<br />

## Styling

<br />

    ### Ghost Button:

       Ghost is the default style and should be the first consideration for use.

        Use as the default and standard option to create a clean airy and open UI feel. Ghost buttons fit comfortably in tight spaces and help control the visual density of the UI.
        Be careful when using that the surrounding context does not confuse this button for emphasized body text, tabs or a standalone links.

        Use in combination with a primary outline and primary block buttons to create a hierarchy of importance. There is no primary ghost button.

    ### Outline Button:

        Outline is the secondary style and should be considered for use when ghost button is not sufficient.

        Use as an alternative standard button when a ghost button is not suitable. Use similarly to a ghost button to create a clean, light and airy feel.
        The outline button is more visually direct about the control’s functionality than a ghost button.

>         Use in combination with ghost buttons to create hierarchy. Do not use in combination of a block button to create hierarchy.

Reviewer: There are a few places that say "in combination of", which probably should be "in combination with". But that change results in very repetitive text. Maybe these should be like "Use in combination with ghost buttons (but not block buttons) to create a hierarchy of importance."

    ### Block Button:

        Block is the tertiary style used for creating the most eye catching and functionally direct button. Use in areas where controls are not often present or obvious, or when lots of busy information can cause an important control to be overlooked.

        Use as a standard button when the most visible solution is required. Use as an alternative to overly subtle button solutions when it is important
        to emphasis an action and the functionality of the control.

        Use in combination with ghost buttons to create hierarchy. Do not use in combination of a outline button to create hierarchy.

<br />

## Appearance-Variant Styling

    ### Primary Buttons:
        Use only 1 primary button in a section. It should be used when there is a conflict with color and it’s context.

        Use in combination with ghost buttons to create hierarchy.

        When using an outline button, do not use it in combination of a block button to create hierarchy.

        When using a block button, do not use it in combination of a outline button to create hierarchy.

    ### Accent Buttons:

>     Use only 1 accent button in a section. It should be used when trying to achieve the most prominent eye catching approach. Consider the contextual implications

Reviewer: prominent eye catching approach -> prominent, eye-catching appearance

>     of using a green colored button in relation to it’s name or metaphor. Remember that color has accessibility constraints and the color alone should not be relied on.

Reviewer: it's -> its

<br />

## Styling

<br />

>     ### Appearances

Reviewer 2: Could you make the indentation in your changes more consistent? I think we don't usually bother to indent various levels of headers and their content. It can all just be left aligned.

    These appearances have the default styling of the nimble-button. Each should be considered for use before using appearance variant buttons.

    <br/>

    #### Ghost Button:

        Ghost is the default style and should be the first consideration for use.

        Use as the default and standard option to create a clean airy and open UI feel. Ghost buttons fit comfortably in tight spaces and help control the visual density of the UI.

>         Be careful when using that the surrounding context does not confuse this button for emphasized body text, tabs or a standalone links.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Be careful when using that the surrounding context does not cause this button to be confused for emphasized body text, tabs or standalone links.
```

<br />

## Styling

> <br />

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't be using `<br>` tags for effectively styling purposes like this. Can you create a tech debt task to create a stylesheet for our mdx files that can styles our headers as we need and remove all these `<br>` tags?

Author: Sure, here's the tech debt issue #1413 👍
